
It was fun to play around with the tools, learning real life facts about how the fish can die. I never knew there was something called pH until I saw it in EcoXPT. I learned many new facts.

Being able to do experiments, so fun you can test out different materials. Without actually doing it.

The graphics.

Used to think scientists used to only do experiments in the lab but now I know that they go to the outside world and do experiments in nature.


What type of scientist?

Scientist look at the problem and try to make predictions, educated guesses, then they do experiments then they come to a conclusion.

Trying to solve problem, and in everyday life.

About the part where they go outside I never knew about them doing experiments and testing samples in the outside world. I thought they stayed in the lab.
Yeah.
Because I think it would be fun and interesting to solve problems by doing experiments.

I don't know about that.

I like observation. I'm one of the days the water was green so my guess was that there it must have been a really high algae population.

 Yeah.


 I didn't test it but I saw it on the chart. When I tested the water.

If they can understand how to do it, like how to make inferences I think they could be good.

No, you can make inferences in math, even in history. 

No.

Not really.

Yeah, I'd had w camp where we went outside where and tried to solve problems like inferences and why did the tree die. We saw the bark on the fungi…

Not really because we weren't talking about trees.

Yeah.

No.
Like observations.

You see that bottle, something must have kept it there, so you can make the right choice by making inferences and observations.

It was on the computer and I don't know how it's similar but it's a lot different. It's more fun than our other projects.

The free roam part, you can walk around and do the best stuff, if It feels like you're actually there. 

No.
Doing experiments on the fish since we weren't really there but we could still do it.

You have to kill a lot of fish, you can't just change back.

No

No, I want to be an astronaut.

Yeah.
It's fun and you got to learn new stuff like the pH level, and I never knew there was something called dissolved oxygen.


All students.

They got to experience the outdoors but inside and they may never have done many experiments before. The free roam part makes it more interesting because you can travel around.
Traveling underwater, but you can't go into the houses.