
It was fun.

Doing the experiments and talking with characters and seeing what happened in the virtual world.


Not really.

I thought science was just make hypotheses and just did experiments but I found out that they do a lot of thinking and they have to do a lot of stuff to get the right idea.

Not really.

No.

Scientists observe what happens in the real world, they do experiments on different elements and subjects, and take notes, and they do interviews, and they do a lot of tests to find out what causes different things.


In their lab.

 Yes.


Yes. I learned many different methods that scientists use to observe. I thought they use just one or two and I learned that... a ton of different methods to think deeply and observe deeply what happens.

Maybe.

I think it would be interesting because I would get to see how animals and different organisms and... react to different things. I get to see how they…

It could be boring, if a experiment takes a long time. You don't really have any free time, you have to observe for a really long time and take a lot of notes.

Observing what happens when I'm doing science class, what's happening in the real world so I can find out what surroundings…


They think deeply. They don't just take a very quick glance at something and take down a quick note. They look at it really deeply and they think about what's happening.


Evidence seeking.


Kinda…  I learned how to take in my surroundings and think about what's happening, instead of just looking around. I make hypotheses and think deeper.


Not really.


I've never walked around in a virtual world or taken experiments in a virtual world or talked to people in a virtual world. I've never done anything virtually in science.


Experiments in the virtual world happened really quickly instead of taking a period of time to run. you have to take notes on what just happened instead of taking notes as you go.


Not really.

 No.


Yeah, yes and it helps you learn a lot about science and ecosystems.

Some students might not really like to learn about the world around them and taking experiments and notes.