It was fun to look around to see, around the campus area. I liked that you could go in and out of water to see what was underwater, because you usually don’t do that now to see what was under water. I like going under, and it was fun to look around. I think it should have been a little larger, because there was only one pond and it would be fun to see the differences of 2 ponds.I thought- in the beginning I didn’t get what the ecoxpt was, but now it’s cool to see what the scientists have put in the game, or ecoxpt, to see what’s in it. Sometimes I used to think that… I found out what Ph was and what the tools are. How they created the game, how they put in different- the concept map, and you see all the different fish and how they died. And the lab where you could make experiments to see your different thoughts. You could see what you saw in the lab, and what you saw in the graph and make thoughts off that and put them on your concept map. And then put maybe the dissolved oxygen and find out that’s how the fish died.I had an idea, of how they would make graphs and put together things to find out a problem, or a solution, to a cause. I kind of had an idea, but I got deeper into the idea when we did this. They do experiments, to find out things and they look around nature finding bacteria, looking at trees- observing. They’ll make graphs and charts and data tables to put together their evidence, and kind of bounce off of all the evidence to make an idea. Kind of- like, the graphs were kind of different to look at because there were a lot of lines to see. I kind of saw differences but I kind of didn’t because I knew they made graphs, I knew they went around into the water and saw the bacteria and all of that. Not reallyI kind of am into dermatology… I like using my hands to do stuff which is kind of like a scientists because you pick around to see stuff. I like science, but I wouldn’t see myself being a scientist.I am really into reading and history, every year science was either really easy or really hard. This year was really easy for me but last year I had lots of challenges. I think it’s the different topics that we do in science, like last year we did all the cells and all that. And it was a little confusing, maybe because my teacher because she wasn’t good at giving directions. But this year it was kind of simple but we would learn a lot of stuff on it. What we did this year was simple, but I feel like next year might be more fun or hard because we’ll actually be experimenting stuff. Well I like this year, I’m really good at writing stuff down. I like the teacher showing something, and you write it down, or when we watch videos on something. Like we did this- I forget what it was called. It was this hill and we would find how the ocean would deposit… rocks and minerals- that comes easy to me. Rocks and minerals, how when the ocean knocks onto the rock and breaks apart. That kind of topic was easy for me. It was easy but sometimes the concept map was confusing- it was a lot of clicking around to see. When we’d click on it to put the notes we’d have to go all the way to the lab to see or to the data chart and then write in our notes, because we forgot or something, we had to go back. The concept map kind of made it easier but it was hard because you had to give an example, and there was a category, like a list of the buoy notes, and there was a list of them, and you’d have to put it in a topic. My partner did that for me because I got confused on it since I still didn’t get what you had to do for that.It was kind of hard, but me and my partner we had to go around to the experiments, but we would also hear people shouting out it’s the bacteria or the dissolved oxygen- that gave us a hint to see what we should do. Should we go into the lab and see what we put into the water,  and the fish and dissolved oxygen, should we see what, if the fish died or the numbers go up or down. We had an idea about it but it was kind of hard for us to find out how because we also got distracted from other people saying things. We’d go across the room to another table group and ask how do you do this? Oh go in here to find out how the dissolved oxygen affected the fish. And we would kind of figure it out that way. Maybe in schoolIf we do, working under water or we look under water and we look at all the plants and animals under there and we could go back to ecoXPT to see oh, there are the largemouth bass, the minnows,  the bluegill fish, and we could look at all the plants. That could have something to do with school if we do that topic again. Well they probably study it a low, and have a passion for it, and are into it. They might have a mom or a parent who is into science who talks to them about science and that’s why they’re into it. Kind of like how my mom is a PT and always talking about working out and all that, and I’m into sports and all that. So I think it has something to do with what you’re into, but not really because your teacher could influence you- because if you’re into science and your teacher is always talking about it you have a good, you like it a lot. I feel like school and your parents have something to do with what you like. Yeah- I’m not bad, but I don’t love it. I love English and History but it’s not the worst thing- because I don’t like math at all, so science is fine. Yeah. Well you kind of- it was different from what we usually do in science. You saw different things, you learned- I never knew what Ph was, and what was in that category and it showed you new stuff, because you kind of had an idea what it was.Well, one, you usually the teacher- we did a lesson on a screen that our teacher would do, but then she would put us on our own. But our teacher wouldn’t give us any hints about like why the fish died, because what we usually do… I don’t know I felt like it was a different topic than what we usually do, of science. I don’t know how but it felt different. Yeah you kind of did huge topics all year, this was different from what we usually do because it’s all about rocks and observing stuff, but that was also part of ecoXPT, I think they should do it next year. Yeah, because…Yeah because I don’t like, for a math test for example they give it to you and you have to solve it. But what we would did, she would give us a lesson on what we would be doing today and how to use the materials, she would show the materials, how to use the concept map. Then we did it, and we had our own thoughts about what killed the fish and we were on our own. But at the same time, she would give us a little hint about what we would be doing. Well maybe if we were… cleaning our community and we have a pond we know how to take care of it, and we would use it for probably school, and the lab- if we’re using a lab, and the graphs, we would know how to do it. Maybe- because there was the calendar and it had June 6. If we were doing an experiment instead of doing it one day we would do it more than once. Because if you do it once it’s not as accurate. As doing it more than once. No. 