

It was pretty fun, it was cool.


I liked how we could take a couple days and look around with her partner and just make conclusions with ourselves instead of having someone micromanage us.

I think there weren't things I didn't like.

I used to think that environmental scientists just took notes on stuff and then said something about it, but now I think people look for evidence and do a lot of tests.


It seems a lot more complicated now than it was before.


I think there are different kinds, some of them draw conclusions and some of them do research, some of them are in a lab looking at stuff…

 Oh yeah.

I found out they do a lot of experiments and test a lot of things, they, they the How they change think about if different things are relevant to each other, they try to look at a lot of different pieces of evidence and try to conclude something.

Not really, it's complicated and I'm not good at things that are very complicated.

Yeah I feel like studying history would be really easy because you just have to learn facts, doing math you have to just memorize stuff, you you don't have to think extra.


Well I can remember to have a lot of different views on things, just like look at a lot of different things and just try... I don't know.


You have to find a bunch of different things of what you thought happened in the past that you know of, and then you have to think of what happens. I don't know.

They have to be able to draw their own conclusions from evidence,  they have to study a lot. They have to be good at memorizing stuff and thinking out of the box of different things.

Well, you have to think of all the different things that could have caused stuff to happen and you have to look at everything and it might not seem clear at first what happened. If you look deeper and think of random things they might help you come up with a conclusion.


Where you went from day to day and you collected so much information each day, It made me think that scientists have to look at a lot of evidence And think about what could have caused certain things. What cause certain things to change.

Well I think there are a lot of different parts of the environment instead of just “that's a tree, that's the ground, there…” There are a lot of microscopic things living there too and if one thing gets affected the whole ecosystem could be affected. 

I'm not sure.
You have to test different ideas if you want to solve a problem, you have to be persistent and not try to get the answer immediately. 
I think it was different from most of the things we learned in science because a lot of the things we did was just memorizing vocabulary words and just reading stuff about how stuff happened instead of thinking ourselves about how things happen.


First of all it's on a computer so you can test a lot of things and get a lot of different information you might not be able to get from just reading a textbook.

I might want to study little things and see how they affect each other, I think that's kind of interesting now .

Little things that you don’t think affect things but then it turned out they are. The population of algae...

Yes I think I would, I want them to experience it and have their point of view change a little.

I think that for some students it might be more challenging than others but I think it might be good for all students to try it. they can all try their hardest and see if they can do it.