Well, I liked it a lot, and it was really informational and made us think more outside the box than usual. At first when we looked at it we thought, oh it’s just one of those nature things, but after the fish died and we had to do many experiments, and the concept map helped a lot, so, yeah.Like we had to look ahead of time, before the fish died, we had to look further than just on the shore, and in the water of the pond. So information that’s not very straightforward.Yeah, first of all, I learned that scientists didn’t just do experiments indoors, they went outdoors and looked around and tried to find answers to clues and things. Just, I don’t know, experiments…Yeah in a lab.A scientist is someone that investigates in different things and causes, correlations, factors of life, I guess.Well for instance, when the fish died, the cause of the fish dying. Cause it may have been dissolved oxygen, or it may have been Ph- we all came to the same answer, after. So investigating the fish dying. Why the fish die and why other things in the world happen.My friend’s dad is a chemist. I don’t think anyone in my family is a scientist. But some people in my family are doctors. It’s an idea, maybe. Either a chemist or a biologist. Well, chemistry, I just like finding solutions about, this is kind of weird but I kind of like mixing things and stuff like thatand for biology it’s also kind like how, well EcoXPT kind of influenced me to want to learn more about biology and causes for things in nature happening, and animals. I guess its just finding a solution to a problem, kind of like a mystery, and all the experiments we can do and the fish are kind of interesting, like why one type of fish died, well two types of fish died, and one didn’t. Just the fact that we had to look forward in time and backward in time and investigate beyond the day when the fish died. Yeah. Well, finding solutions to problems. Not really giving up if you start something… I guess just doing things right in general. Right for the environment, right to get the solution.Well I guess what people want, in general. Like if the fish died the right thing to do is to find out why the fish died, so it doesn’t happen again.Yeah in my real life, it helps you to think outside the box, and look at the big picture. I guess if something like the fish dying happened I might know why, but not necessarily.YeahWell I would have to look beyond the pond and look around for reasons why- like in EcoXPT like there was a bag of fertilizer on the golf course and that started a cause. I would look around and try to find things that I can’t really see well, and tiny details in the place itself. YeahWell for EcoXPT, we’ve never really had to like, investigate in a big problem like this…Well if we’re learning about batteries we work with wires and stuff, electric things. Usually we sit in class and learn about it, take notes, watch videos, but in EcoXPT we can actually explore and find out by ourselves. Yeah, mm hmm. I guess exploring in general, being more independent. Yeah.I guess, yeah. Well, they have to look around everywhere. They use tolerance tanks, I didn’t know they use tolerance tanks.The fact that the fish died was overwhelming. In the tanks. Well, it was hurting the fish, obviously. But It’s better to kill one fish and learn about all the fish than not, and killing all the fish, letting the other fish die.No. Yeah.YeahYeah.Not really. NoNo. 