I thought it was pretty fun and it’s like a different way to learn and also it’s more hands-on without actually going into the real world. Other things are like paper and it's written, and you don't really get to see everything how to choose like where you go and what you do. You get to go and make your own comparison tank and make your own hypothesisSo I wrote down that science is easy and it’s more like one branch, and that it only goes one direction. Now I’m more realizing that it’s able to go off in different hypothises, hypotheses, different areas you can go to. A scientist conducts research to make hypotheses about what’s going on in the real world.Well now more the real world part, it's kind of nt something I realized more-- since it's actually more Hands-On than behind a screen doing a test.Well what I've heard from other kids that are in classes that don't do EcoXPT. You got this worksheet that you have to figure out of different characters who contaminated the water or something.Yeah, yeahWell you can't really collect your on evidence in the other one, in the paper and written one. Yes I think that's an important part of science. I don't knowI don't know if I took a knack to a certain part of itI think about other job opportunities that I might want to take in the future, and compared to the whole category of science, like science jobs that I would take and then compared to every other job.Could be well- examples within science? or that’s not a science job?Well for science jobs you're in that one group- you can Branch through one part of your education and then split off into other jobs involving science. And you could take other branches in any other field really.Not that much science-based.I don't know, maybe be a lawyer because I'm good at arguing.Yeah it changed the way I think about it since it made me realize how many hands-on jobs there are. And what you can do and its solving problems not just conducting research and handing the research to someone else. Well I thought at first that they’d get evidence that was collected at the site and they do research on it and then send it to someone else. YeahWell, creativity. Something that’s really, leads to, somebody that is really creative. Also someone that has good work ethic and will go in there and get stuff doneYeah, although science isn’t really too much my thing.It doesn’t interest me as much as it interests other kids. Yeah I think I’m pretty good at it. Yeah I do pretty good in my classes. Like how to follow a solution path and figure out answers to a problem creastively. Since in EcoXPT it shared a bunch of stuff about the fertilizer and sewage, and then eventually when you were opened up to more options you learn more about the cause and effects and stuff.Well it would help you always want to learn more information before making guesses and hypotheses. Yeah like in math, if you’re trying to solve a problem, if its an open ended problem and you’re trying to figure out what happened then there’s different ways to take it. I think more about how, easy it is, using the- I forget what it was called- the tanks where you can select more levels or lower levels of stuff—Yeah the tolerance tanks, it really showed how fragile creatures are in our world. That small changes wouldn’t have that much a butterfly effect on everything. Yes. Well, hm. I also learned that… it’s such a vast place and there are different options you can take to solving a problem. And there are so many different causes to one thing, that could lead to other things. Yeah.I would recommend it, 100%. That it shows problem solving and how to figure out a problem in different ways. And the concept maps really show other peoples’ ways of thinking, and how they tackle the problem. Yeah that everyone tackles the problem differently and starts in a different places that they notce are bigger. Like some people noticed that sewage was a big problem, some people noticed that fertilizer was, that Ph was a big problem. Other people noticed that dissolved oxygen was a big problem. No not really, it’s kinda a really good program. It was dissolved oxygen that killed the fish right? Well I think that depends on how you’re satisfied with an answer. I’m pretty sure it is the dissolved oxygen. Well the fertilizer could have—this is exactly what I’m talking about, how it can lead to, how there are different ways to think about it. The fertilizer can lead to the bacteria, the bacteria can lead to the bigger population and dissolved oxygen along with air temperature and wind speeds can lead to the fishes dying.That’s kind of what it is- if you only find the center piece of the problem then you don’t know how you got there. Yeah, and I used to always hate showing my work. Now it’s a bit less that I hate it. Since it’s really important to show your solution path- someone could have aimlessly guessed and gotten it, but what makes the difference is how you got there, not that you’re there. YeahNo that’s it. 