
I thought it was really fun, because we got to do a little bit of hands-on learning even though it's technically obviously a graphic computer program but I think it worked pretty well. We got to see it like real life. Of course, not actually, and we could use all the tools that scientists use in real life.

I liked working in the lab and testing all the different experiments with the tanks and the weather simulator.


The water quality was interesting but all we had to do was click. I feel like I'd be more invested in it if there was like some sort of process.


I used to think that the numbers that we tested really had to match up with everything we said but now I think that they don't have to be perfect. One example is the levels of dissolved oxygen, when we tested it all it said was it had to get below 4 mg/mL to kill the largemouth bass and the bluegill but the real level was 4.1 and that was able to kill them anyway so I found that interesting.


I think that I didn't realize they had to test exactly everything to really look at which can affect what. I somehow in my mind was thinking that the first thing they tested worked out and I hadn't really looked at that before and I think I may have been able to realize that wasn't true if I'd really paid attention but EcoXPT is what made me pay attention to that.


They create hypotheses and then collect evidence and experiments to see if they are correct. Even if you got a positive result the first time they have to do more experiments to see if there are any variables they missed.  So even if you think you got the answer the first time you have to continue on and check if there are more variables that might add to the result.



 A little a little bit, yeah.
 Both my parents are scientists and I want to look into biochemistry. 


I haven't really gotten into the details yet but I love studying living things, that's more interesting to me then materials or nonliving things. There's so many different parts that create all of the things in the world and all the ecosystems.


My mom studies plant cell walls, I think my dad is more into materials chemistry but they both taught me a lot about the living cell.



I think I will, the start is building off what I learned here next year and the years after that. While I might not pay attention to it when I become a serious scientist (I might forget a little bit about EcoXPT) but I'll know that it helped get me there.



The test thing, sort of the arrangement of the experiments that everyone talked about, and just some of the knowledge of different types of experiments.


 Yes.

If they're curious about learning different things and they really try to find all the information, if they are able to connect different things to each other and sort of build a web that explains how things work, then that makes them a scientist/

Things are connected and if you're able to learn two different things and see how they interact I think that's a big part of being a scientist and a science person.


I think I understand more of the different parts because originally I thought of them as food webs and chains but now I can think about water temperature and dissolved oxygen and the levels of phosphates and nitrates which I hadn't known about before to see that many, many non-living things also affect living things. I usually think of it as living things affecting living things but everything affects everything.




I think all of the tools that we could use to check both living and nonliving things, also the field guide had a lot of information about what non-living things affected the living things.



I can definitely use all the things in the field guide to study the world around me, I think that will be very interesting. I want to do some sort of science club in high school so this information will help me there but I'm not sure I can think of something really different that this will help me with. I won't be able to connect this to history.





We are learning about things people did not really what happened with ecosystems there and it would be harder to look into exactly what happened because you can't test the pH level in a pond that was 5000 years ago.


I think before we mostly use paper to write out hypotheses but here we got to experiment with what was actually happening. In real science class we don't have the same tools and we don't have the same places we can go. It took us away from our classroom while we were still there.



It was very interesting studying the pond ecosystem and we don't have a pond here or the tools to use for that. There were more living things in EcoXPT than we can find usually here and it was a lot easier to collect evidence and data because even if we had a pond and had fish it would be hard to actually catch one and measure the population or take pictures of one and know everything we know about it.


I really have to look into the nonliving things because I've mostly been looking at plants and animals but there are so, so many other variables that come into this that I hadn't completely realized before.



Yes it was really fun and I liked it a lot. 

I think it helped a lot of students but some of them need to be a little more invested if you really want to figure out what's happening, observe things, you have to be interested in it but yeah I definitely recommend it for everybody.