
Overall it was really cool and it really helped me learn how scientists... It put me in a position like I was a scientist. I felt like I was a professional scientist.  like I was researching ecosystems. I think it was really cool how it was like a video game that was fun but the main purpose was teaching you and learning.

I enjoyed the part where you got to experience stuff, not just in the lab but you could go outside and try to find evidence for your conclusions in the game. For example, you can go in the water and try to see if there are any fish left. you can see what was happening.

I thought everything was pretty good, pretty fun. I felt like I wanted to go beyond the borders.

I used to think that all scientists were in labs with lab coats but now I think that they actually experience at themselves and that's one of the big parts of being a scientist. I also used to think that video games couldn't really help you learn and they were just for entertainment but this really made the way I thought about it change. Now I think it can help you.

I think they study the world and they try and solve problems in the present and maybe future problems so they can try and predict what is going to happen earlier. They try to go into ecosystems and not just ecosystems but they try and study living organisms and life-forms. They try to see what is happening.



It changed it a lot because I felt like I was a scientist and I got to experience it myself. I felt like I was a scientist. I got to go outside and I feel like scientist would get to do that too.


 I haven't really thought of that but that could be an option in the future.

Why I would like it is because anything could happen. It's not just a fixed position because one day you could be doing one thing and the next day you could be studying something else.



Well at this time I'm not really interested in science but... yeah.


Some of the strategies I used in EcoXPT like deep seeing might help you in any position to see if there is a problem so you can analyze the situation better to see the whole thing.


If they really want to learn more about science and if they really put their effort into it. If they don't want to then they probably aren't going to put as much effort into it as if they want to. If they want to they're going to be excited about it, they are going to be motivated. If they don't like it then they probably won't be.

It was exciting and fun and I really liked it because every day I want to go to science class so I could use the computers and really explore the world of EcoXPT. It was really exciting because you could always find new things. Each day that would be a new feature that was added, like time traveling and the labs. I really looked forward to new things.


I thought you go systems before we're just studying one animal but now I see ecosystems as life forms affecting each other not just one. Everything works together and affects each other.


Yes definitely, I think almost all the 7th graders really enjoyed it.


I think it's good for all students because there is a little bit of something for everyone, whether some people might like it more than others but everybody likes at least one part of it.