
I really liked that it was very fun. I thought it really helps teach a lot of ecology and it seems like a very interesting way to learn. I feel like a lot of people feel like it's playing a video game versus doing a lecture.

I really liked how we could go to different places and we had to figure out things on our own. Sometimes we got different things like we got to go into that blue house but we really had to figure out what would happen all by ourselves so we didn't have it all laid out for us all. We had an option.

I didn’t like how we couldn't go into the barn at all.



I've always really been interested in science and the natural world so I've always really liked it. This just kind of, this really helped and was very interesting. I really liked it, it was very fun and very educational. Really great.

Yes, I did.


I did research on my own at home. I've been really obsessed with bees for a long time and I've become a beekeeper this year. I've done a lot of research about all the different webs and chains.


There are a bunch of different kinds of scientists: there are ecology scientists, geologists, archaeologists, biologists, all different kinds of things. And there are field scientists to go out and take measurements all by themselves and there are lab scientists who come up with an average and look at different population sizes. Others run simulations.



I think the core thing is being able to ask questions and having good questions be answered with more questions. That's what I've heard a lot and how I feel.


Not really, I thought it maybe changed a little bit but really helped me learn about more complicated systems rather than how one thing leads to another. Many things have to be balanced to lead to one thing.



There has to be a lot of factors right:  the fish wouldn't have died if there hadn't been so much algae or if the bacteria was a different kind,  or if the dissolved oxygen never went down. There really have to be a lot of factors that all go into play at the same time for one little thing to happen, although it might not really be so little.

I do definitely.


Apiologist, I'm definitely going to be studying bees, biologist, entomologist, anything that has to do with living creatures because that is my passion.

I've always been interested in science.  I remember when I was two I always had to bring a hard animal anywhere I went. When I was four my favorite book was the huge thick encyclopedia of animals that my uncle gave me so my parents have always really supported it. My dad is the president of Leading by Example so he’s an ecosystem scientist who puts solar panels on buildings. Always really encouraged it, and I've never been interested in the same kinds of things as other people.

Yes, definitely. I'll definitely use a lot of those deep seeing moves. I also really like how we could do comparison tanks and tolerance tanks. I thought that was very interesting. I thought the mesocosm was really cool. I found that very interesting. I like how we could take measurements at the water.

Yes definitely.


Really just kind of having a passion. You don't have to have a high IQ or anything like that. You just have to be interested and willing to pursue it on your own and not just let other people help you follow. You have to be able to spend your time doing it.



Yes. I already knew most things humans do affect everything else but really it seems like there are so many things that humans do and think nothing happened but 4 weeks later it's a very delayed reaction so people don't think it comes from them but really it does. It just takes a little while for everything to go through all of the other systems.

People think safe pesticides don't affect the bees because they don't see any changes in the first week but the larva take 21 days to turn into adult bees then after those 21 days you see defects in the wings and memory and orientation.

In other classes we aren't really able to explore things on our own. We have a path set out for us and we aren't really playing a game over time or trying to figure out what happened. You know what happened and then we have to figure out why or how. Normally that would only take a class but this went really deep into it.

We have the ability to roam around and explore whatever we wanted. Really if we didn't want to do something like if we wanted to go on a different path or waste our time we could. It wouldn't be good but you could.



I would, yes definitely. I thought it went on for just the right amount of time. Maybe a period too long or something but it seems like a good period of time and I was able to finish mostly. I really liked it, I thought it was really good

Not all students really would like it and a lot of people would kind of take advantage or run around and play. People who are really interested, the people who really know... if this was a big thing in our grade, not like the conclusion you come to but the time you spend or seem to be wasting, students would really have motivation and it would help people become interested.

I thought it was really cool, I wonder are there different versions of it or is it just the fish dying?
