
Overall it was quite fun and it really got me excited, especially the first day. Overall I didn't understand a lot of the tools at first, but the explanations of the days before class really helped.

You got to try and find all the animals. We were really close, we were missing one animal. we took a photo but forgot to save it to the notebook. it was very fun, we were competing with the other groups

I really like most of it, probably the part where we had to fill in the population stuff. L:ater on when we could just fill the table I didn't really enjoy that but my partner did. I let him do most of that.


The population tool. I tried to get population of things we weren't supposed to so I was a little confused. Until my partner explained it to me, how we were only supposed to get the population of certain things. I kept trying to get the population of something in the submarine and a lot of those you weren't supposed to get.


I used to think that humans really hurt the ecosystem intentionally, like when we're driving a car we know we're hurting the ecosystem but a lot of the time we didn't know that bringing lionfish from overseas and dropping them in the water was going to hurt the environment. That's the only real example I know of.  We didn't mean to have the fertilizer, we didn't know it was going to rain.

I realize that a lot of times there are multiple causes but I think that that's not always the case.  I do know that a lot of times it is but not always.

They try to figure things out that we don't know yet, new territories and a lot of testing.


They take two different things, like, two tanks of algae. I add something to one and something to the other. Wait, 3 tanks of algae I add two things and keep one in the same. Scientist don't know all the answers, it's not like they are taking it out of a magic hat. They really have to work hard to figure things out. I used to think the scientists were any random smart person.


I'm actually pretty set on being a lawyer because my dad is a lawyer and I really like when I listened talked about the law. I don't want to be the same kind of lawyer as him though. what he does is way too sad. he does immigration and criminal case law. I've only seen him lose once but that was really tough.


What if I have a friend who's a scientist? You never know, my career choice could change. 

You get to learn a lot about one thing, it’d be something I’d like so I’d do something I like every day.

In law, when someone gets accused on something it's usually not because of one big thing. The penalty can be a lot larger because of other things they’ve done in the past, like now that immigration laws are harsher punishments will he harsher. It’ll be harder for people to stay. (more rambling about law)


Well in EcoXPT it was confusing. We didn’t know about the concept map until really later on so we didn't take any notes about the reasoning. We tried to incorporate the evidence later on in the writing with the reasoning, we combined it.

Really working hard, the material the teacher teaches is enough so all you have to osd it work hard.


Is that different than any other subject?
In other subjects a lot of kids learn other things from outside of school too. I go to Russian math and it's a lot of the reason that I do well at math it's not as much because I pay attention because I'm not really good at that. It's because I do stuff outside of school.

 Yes.


Just the fact that they really have to work hard like anyone else.

Yes. Even a slight change, even if it doesn't seem bad in the beginning can end up hurting the environment. Like the fertilizer, so, so what it's not like algae will hurt anything, it produces dissolved oxygen. But when it dies it turns into dead matter and uses up the oxygen.

The fact that I know that a lot of my decisions and politically voting, I might vote for some president or some mayor who votes more for the ecosystem and their decisions on the natural world.

Number 1, we always have computers, number 2 it's not traditional where they are setting you up for a test. They're setting you up so that you can figure things out on your own. Not giving you all of the answers. They're letting you teach yourself.



In other assignments I don't get to... no actually we can.  We couldn't actually have access to the real thing. If we tried to figure out something in science like why there weren't many fish or birds coming to the woods next door, we wouldn't actually be able to test out “Oh maybe there was a drought or something”. We couldn't test out water, a lot of the testing in the lab that we don't have access to it school.

I would but there are some changes I would like to make. I knew that the dead matter affect the dissolved oxygen but in my concept map I couldn't put that because I didn't know if there was a lot of dead matter or if there was less than normal which meant that dissolved oxygen actually increased. I didn't look for anything related to dead matter which is why I didn't find out about the bacteria and the dissolved oxygen. 

All students,  actually I think that's wrong because there are some students who just let their partner do all the work. I do Think that partners are good but you should let teachers decide the Partnerships So that there isn't one partner doing all the work. in my partnership we didn't have one partner do all the work. My partner was a good friend and we split all the work.